can I ask you something what took you so
long to respond to me I sent you a very
well crafted message to Ibiza Cup and
today out of the blue you hit me up ask
if you want to grab him what change I
didn't feel like being alone
not tonight can you turn to Tendo so
what happens to me did you think we were
kind of happy no I thought we're gonna
hang out maybe get to know moocher
field execute turn signal back they're
going actually step out of the vehicle
for me could you please hurry up
well you say it's just cold
[Music]
just it was self-defense
we're in a black male class we don't
have to outrun them you just have to
make sure they don't know where we are
this is Kentucky my friend
there's a war going out there and you
welcome those into our home
yeah really gave us on the believer we
need to dance the real oh we could do is
go forward there's nothing back there
for us let's just keep going
what if sky I wanna mean it died I
messed up he's playing I don't think
that's what you wanted how do you know I
just think you were meant to be here
I'm scared sorry I'll be bringing enough
for the both of us I'm taking dancing
let's go you're willing to risk getting
costs that we can dance hell yeah
don't worry you're safe here as well as
you know that I'm okay I did I love you
I want a guy to show me myself I want
him to love me so deeply I'm not afraid
to show him how ugly I can be thank you
for bringing us this far thank you for
this journey
no matter how it is what do you want I
want a ride or die
[Music]
can I be your legacy
you already are
[Music]
you